Docs update for vault-helm v0.30.0 (#30101)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/helm/configuration.mdx

  - `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` (`int: 10`) - Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/

>   - `preStopSleepSeconds` (`int: 5`) - Used to set the sleep time during the preStop step, if custom preStop commands are not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `preStopSleepSeconds` (`int: 5`) - Sets the sleep time during the preStop step, if custom preStop commands are not set.
```
Tweaked to follow the same construction as `preStop`

>   - `preStop` (`array: []`) - Used to define custom preStop exec commands to run before the pod is terminated. If not set, this will default to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `preStop` (`array: []`) - Defines the custom preStop exec commands to run before the pod is terminated. The default is:
```

Style correction: write in the active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun
